# readme for dir: ETSE_GDSP/src/

* hdl/    -folder for source VHDL files used for synthesis
* io/     -text files that are used as I/O files for simulation.
* ip/     -xilinx IP cores, BRAM and DSP used in tcl scripts and projects
* lib/    -libraries used for synthesis OR simulation,
* matlab/ -matlab scripts for generating I/O data
* tb/     -files for simulations, *.vhd and *.wcfg files
* tcl/    -tcl scripts



# More Details:

## hdl/:

* MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_CV_INT   -- This is a Matrix Multiplier IP core for multiplying an integer square matrix P, by an integer column vector G.
* MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_CV_REAL  -- This is a Matrix Multiplier IP core for multiplying a real square matrix P, by a real column vector G.
* MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_S_INT    -- This is a Matrix Multiplier IP core for multiplying an integer square matrix P, by an integer square matrix G.
* MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_S_INT_G  -- Same as MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_S_INT but GRAM is included in the top module entity: MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_S_INT_G
* MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE_S_REAL   -- This is a Matrix Multiplier IP core for multiplying a real square matrix P, by a real square matrix G..

The naming convention adopted is similar in part for all IP cores but the difference is some IP cores have CV, S, INT, and REAL appended.

* CV  -> Column Vector (1 Square matrix, 1 Column vector)
* S   -> Square Matrix (2 square matrices)
* INT -> Integer number Matrices
* REAL-> Real number Matrices


## io/

    * Gdata.txt    --This file contains test input data (integer numbers) for G matrix (stored in GRAM) and it can be regenerated by running the matrix_multiplier.m function.

    * Pdata.txt    --This file contains test input data (integer numbers) for P matrix (stored in Block RAM) and it can be regenerated by running the matrix_multiplier.m function.

    * Real_Gdata.txt    --This file contains test input data (real numbers) for G matrix (stored in GRAM) and it can be regenerated by running the matrix_multiplier.m function.

    * Real_Pdata.txt    --This file contains test input data (real numbers) for P matrix (stored in Block RAM) and it can be regenerated by running the matrix_multiplier.m function.

    * PG_Result_Matlab.txt    --When the matlab function 'matrix_multiplier.m' is executed from matlab, it creates this file then it performs all four matrix multiplicatiom PG, PtG, PGt and PtGt and saves in the file, all results are in integer number.

        * The result of the calculation are arranged in circulant format. The purpose of saving in circulant format is to make it easy to compare the results from the simulation of the MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE(s) to that of Matlab, because the IP core saves the matrix result in circlant format.

    - Real_PG_Result_Matlab.txt    --When the matlab function 'real_matrix_multiplier.m' is executed from matlab, it creates this file then it performs all four matrix multiplicatiom PG, PtG, PGt and PtGt and saves in the file, all results are in real number.

        * The result of the calculation are arranged in circulant format. The purpose of saving in circulant format is to make it easy to compare the results from the simulation of the MATRIX_MUL_IP_CORE(s) to that of Matlab, because the IP core saves the matrix result in circlant format.




## ip/



## lib/



## /matlab/
    * matrix_multiplier.m        --This is a matlab function that accepts an integer value which represents the dimension of a square matrix with integer numbers. When this function is run from matalab, it will create 3 files,

        * Pdata.txt,        --This file holds the test value for P matrix.
        * Gdata.txt,        --This file holds the test value for G matrix.
        * PG_Result_Matlab.txt

    * real_matrix_multiplier.m    --This is a matlab function that accepts an integer value which represents the dimension of a square matrix but the fuction will generate a random matrix with real numbers.

        * Real_Pdata.txt,    --This file holds the test value for P matrix.
        * Real_Gdata.txt,    --This file holds the test value for G matrix.
        * Real_PG_Result_Matlab.txt


## tb/



## tcl/
